# Mastermind!

Mastermind is a SwiftUI iOS app that adapts the classic board game. It started off as a school project in the Winter semester of my senior year, but I enjoyed working on it so much I continued working on it after school ended and even got it approved to the app store on "DATE". Here is a link to download Mastermind from the app Store 

Mastermind!: "LINK"

## How to Play Mastermind!

- The goal of the game is to guess a secret code. This code will be randomly generated by the computer in Single Player, and created by a player in Two Player. 

- The bottom row is the starting row. After the user fills in the current row they are on, the enter key corresponding to their row will turn red. This change indicates the enter key is now activated and it can be tapped to submit the guess and move onto the next row. 

- After submitting a guess, the user will receive four feedback colors based on how accurate their guess

- Red feedback means you have the correct color in the correct position, White feedback means you have the correct color in the wrong position, and Black feedback means you have the wrong color. 

- Use the implications of the feedback colors to deduce what the secret code must be

## Mastermind! Features

- Single Player: Play against the computer as you try to guess a randomly generated secret code.

- Two Player: Replay the classic board game! Player 1 can set the code and pass the phone to Player 2. After Player 2 is done, they will then set their own secret code and pass the phone back to Player 1. The player with the fewest number of guesses wins. 

- Timer mode: Players have the option to enable or disable a timer mode. This mode requires them to submit every row within a certain amount of time, adding significantly more challenge to the game. 

- Leaderboards: The game will keep track of each user’s individual statistics, including their total number of wins, and their lowest score. 

- Settings: Players have a lot of customization options for the game, including different color options, sound effects, timer durations, and background music.  

